The Australia branch has recently undergone a name change that more accurately reflects
its scope of activity.
Since January 1st of this year, it has been known as the Australasia branch.
This is fitting since countries such as New Zealand, Samoa, Tonga, the Cook Islands, New
Way, Tokalao and Timor Lester are all working under that branch.
In its formation in 1904, the Australasia branch was responsible for all the countries
stretching from Tahiti all the way to India.
It truly was Australasia that name incorporating the Latin word for South.
Over the years, many new branches were formed in this area, some of which have recently
been merged again as if returning to their roots.
There are 1,06 congregations throughout Australasia, which is just over 83,000 publishers
serving there of these 6,766 are in full-time service.
And with our August report, I was pleased just to hear yesterday that Australia itself
had a new peak, an all-time peak of 68,635 in August.
As elsewhere, there has been a very fine response throughout the branch to the invitation
to attend the Bible School for Christian Couples and the Bible School for Single Brothers.
These schools, of course, now merging into the School for Kingdom of Angelizers.
Many graduates are serving in isolated areas throughout the branch territory.
Some of them are in foreign language congregations and groups.
Many people have come to Australia in recent years from Hong Kong and China, and they are
hearing the Bible message.
Some remain in Australia after their time there, others they return home with the truth.
Imelda was born in Sumatra, Indonesia, of Chinese descent.
She attended a Catholic school and was baptized as a Catholic, though she said she only did
so to police her friends.
Many years later, as a widow, she migrated to Australia this in 1992, there she attended
a Protestant church, and she was involved with a Texas-based Bible Study Fellowship that
used to hold weekly discussions and discuss Bible verses.
A sister met Imelda in the door-to-door work and considered the truth tracked with her.
For some time, she remained a magazine call, but then a Bible study was started.
The first time she came to the Kingdom Hall, she was so impressed with what she saw.
She saw that all those at the hall were like a big family, the members of which showed
love for one another, talking to one another after the meeting.
She contrasted this with what she noted at her church, where everyone quickly left after
hearing the sermon.
She continued her Bible study, but also attended the Protestant church.
Both of these activities, her minister said, well, that's fine, just keep going.
After learning what the Bible says about the Trinity, though, she queried her minister,
and his reply was, just listen and learn.
A turning point, though, came for her when the minister finished his sermon early one
day, saying that he had to attend a festival called the Madigra.
Now, in Sydney, this is well known for its association with the so-called alternate
lifestyles.
A Melda then saw the difference between what she was learning from God's Word and the
actions of church members, and she decided she wanted to serve God in truth, and she
wanted to be part of a family-like congregation.
When she handed in her resignation from the church, the minister told her to keep it.
You may need it, he said.
However, she firmly told him, no, I'm not going to need it.
Not the opposition that followed, at the age of 89, she was baptized on March 15 this
year.
Early one morning while caring for a literature cut, a sister noticed a Chinese lady looking
through the English magazines at the bottom of the cut.
The lady chose one, but she still lingered there.
So the sister approached her, and her had a little talk with her.
She said to the lady, you may take whatever you would like.
The lady said that she would like a Bible story book, and so the sister was happy to provide
one for and said it would be there the next week.
The lady provided her with her mobile phone number, sorry, cell number.
The following week she happily collected her Bible story book, and the sister took the
opportunity then to show her the website, particularly pointing out the information
available and beneficial for families and for children.
The lady provided her address, and then the sister was able to call on her and start
a study in the good news brochure.
At the time the sister first called at her home, the lady excitedly told the sister of
all the good things that she'd seen on the website that she'd looked up, and she'd love
to read it.
And she said that she'd been in touch with her husband in China about a two, and he was
just as excited, and he agreed that everything on the website was very good.
He told her, please tell me everything that you were learning about the Bible.
Well, two weeks after this was the memorial which she attended, paying close attention
to what was presented, to ask many questions, so the sister thought, well, I'll invite
her to come to Bethel, which she did.
She toured there and was impressed.
The following week she attended the special talk, and then another two weeks past and
she attended a special assembly day in the Mandarin language.
This lady is a microbiologist, and now she looks at things differently at what she's
the things that she's working with, and she thanks Jehovah for the beauty that she sees.
In her words, I thank Jehovah for my coming to Australia to learn about him, because
the Bible is so restricted in my country.
She regularly attends all the meetings, she's made plans to travel down to Melbourne for
the International Convention that's on just in a week or two's time.
Her desire is to get baptized before she returns to her country, and she's already started
a Bible study of her own with one of her work colleagues.
All those who serve at the branch in Australasia are happy to send their warmest love and greetings
as we work along with you in Kingdom interests.